Central Banking is present in every
country in the world whether it's a
developing or developed Nation wealth
can be unevenly distributed in the favor
of those on the inside the financial
system a Fiat garbage lie is owned and
controlled by a set of few individuals
at the top molding and manipulating
everything they choose paper currency is
one Avenue which allows individuals to
transact between each other without
government intervention without profit
to be made by the greedy Bankers this is
unacceptable and will need to change
welcome to the cashless Society you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you today we will have our focus on
the cashless Society something that has
been
tiptoeing towards the goal let's get
into it right away the rise of the cash
Society quote there is this real danger
of exclusion and that's one of the
points I want to make throughout this
cities from Sweden to India it's not
really a city are pushing for a totally
cashfree Society but as more shops and
transport networks insist on electronic
payment where does this leave the
smallest Traders and poorest inhabitants
and essentially what I want to get to
throughout this Guardian article which
is quite good actually it talks about
the small individuals how they're trying
to push out the small businessman you
know it does cost money to have these
terminals of course that does or may
translate into more sales if individuals
are able to transact easily using you
know Apple pay or whether it's your
debits or credit cards or anything else
you basically open up to more things but
what about if you don't accept cash
anymore suddenly things get a lot
different so you see all these uh
different shop owners and everything
else they own just you know a little
tiny stand they don't have the money
they don't have the infrastructure
perhaps to have all these devices so it
becomes very hard and what does that do
the thing that I think about is you
start giving even more rise to the big
box stores and of course where things
are more controlled and and there's
certainly some influence there whether
you know you're not to go down to the uh
Corner hardware store you're going to
have to go to the Home Depot for example
and it just makes the big businesses
bigger and the little guys uh either
unemployed or have to go work for those
big businesses all right let's look at
this uh article deeper into it could we
see a whole city go cash free from Soul
to Bergamo cities big and small are at
the Forefront of global drive to go
digital many of us are happy to tap
their cards and the phones and hop on
the bus buy a coffee and it go on goes
on but it raises the prospect of a time
when we no longer carry cash at all one
of the things I want to say about the
Cash's Society is that yes it may be
beneficial to many people you know it is
a lot easier to carry around one card or
maybe even your cell phone and tap that
wherever you go it's convenient there's
no denying that very convenient you
don't have to have these bills you don't
have to have coins and you don't to
worry about losing those things you just
need to take care of that one thing if
it was your cell phone for example and
you wouldn't need to worry about all the
other things taking out cash from the
ATM and and everything else totally
understand that I agree with that
entirely the downsides with a cashes
Society is control and that is a very
big deal it's not something small I
think that when we look at a cash
Society we need to understand who's
controlling the cash or the lack of cash
who controls the system entirely and who
will ultimately benefit you will benefit
in in this way where it becomes easier
to transact in between you and a store
for
example but who ultimately benefits the
most and that is the um those in control
of the government when you look at the
Central Banking establishments uh that
are underneath that you realize that
every single one of these transactions
you know it maybe it only makes them a
penny or two but you start doing these
transactions each individual multiple
transactions per day and you will see
that suddenly they're making a lot of
money at the same time you have the
factor of control they are able to
control every single Transaction what if
you're an individual speaking up on your
YouTube channel and suddenly you are
considered to be questionable because of
the content well
now all of a sudden your bank card stops
working well on okay I'll just pay with
cash then to get that bread that I need
for my family oh no sir we don't accept
cash here and you could see where it
goes I mean that's just one example but
essentially what I don't like about it
is the fact
that in the end it doesn't mean that you
know you as an individual can't have
cash they may not
remove it from circulation entirely it
just means who you going to transact
with if none of the stores are going to
accept that who you're going to transact
with perhaps in other individuals But
ultimately over time I mean paper
dollars don't necessarily last forever I
mean it just it can kill itself out I
mean if they can remove almost all of
the cash they can basically do what they
need to do they don't have to remove
every single bill from circulation
they can do all sorts of things I mean
they could do what India has done and
remove certain notes from circulation
and then uh ultimately put a lot of
people out of business doing it uh that
way no spare change for the Busker at
the station the person sleeping rough in
the need of a hot drink the marker
Trader the donation box and it goes on
it's talking about hey what about these
Street fenders the small merchants and
the poorest inhabitants and that's who
it really leaves out but that's the
intention because you want the small
businesses to be evaporated and you want
the little guys to work for the big guys
that's the goal so it's being done on
purpose and this cashes Society isn't
you know the be all end all but it is
certainly very very important it's
easily to unify currencies this way you
know you don't need all these uh paper
dollars to be printed but it doesn't
really it's not able to work for 100% of
individuals that's why um I don't know
how long it would take something like
this to really um be put in place in
many of the countries out there now
particularly in the developing nations
but look at what India is doing at this
time where you can see that clearly
they're going ahead uh for this in in
one way while they pulled back on the
two of their notes so it's
interesting and one of the things that
they mentioned here is the beauty of
cash is that it's a a direct and simple
transaction between all kinds of
different people no matter how rich or
poor and that is very important to note
we can see that sort of uh being one of
the strong points for cash but things
are changing all right let's look at
this Chicago and New York rank at the
bottom at the bottom of a new analysis
of fiscal strength primarily based
primarily on the data from 201 15
Financial reports issued by the cities
themselves the analysis includes 116
cities with the population greater than
200,000 and essentially you could see
the list for yourself basically they go
through it and you'll see these regions
I mean you look at California for
example and it shows you wide
variance but you know within California
you you'll see the different cities
there within New York you see different
cities and and there's fluctuations so
you can't just say okay California is in
debt or New York is in trouble it goes
and really breaks down further and what
I noticed from this is that
overall you have a very very big problem
of debt and debt is burdensome not just
to individuals who are struggling to get
by but to cities and states or provinces
and countries as a whole it's really
crushing everybody and it is no d not
that this is all being done
intentionally LA Los Angeles budget
officials are warning that the city
needs to immediately check this out
immediately borrow tens of millions
dollars to avoid dipping into its
emergency Reserve fund after several
high-profile lawsuit payoffs I mean
where is all the money going where is it
they have to borrow tens of millions of
dollars I mean how much revenue are they
making and where is it all going there's
so much money being flowing flowing
through La I mean it is not a place that
is impoverished or shouldn't be
impoverished considering the amount of
really wealthy people that are there and
there's so many big businesses all sorts
of things but yet it is definitely a
place where there are many people people
struggling at this time it's really uh
interesting to see that chasm in between
the rich and poor no
doubt the party of Davos wakes up to the
new New World Order and all I wanted to
note about this was you know before the
world economic Forum or Davos
Begins the way I see it is that this is
like the public face to the Bilderberg
Group these these individuals come out
here and they make all sorts of claims
about how to fix the economy what are
the worst things how do you deal with it
what countries should do what businesses
should do and it's simply all a bunch of
garbage because it's the richest of the
rich telling everybody else how they
should do their business and then it's
being promoted by the mainstream media
as all the most intelligent people and
everything else their videos of them and
their articles and everything else
interviews with them
being written up as if this is the you
know a holy book for
people to be taken literally I mean it's
just a bunch of these big businessmen
who are all interconnected with each
other and they've got nobody's interests
at heart except their own so watch what
they say I'll cover it here on the
channel of course take a look at it and
we'll see
how that goes this right here upset me
quite a bit I wanted to bring this to
you you may have seen this on your own
but Roseville man gets a
$128 ticket for what for heating up his
car in his own driveway it's Michigan
it's cold in this uh individual here
said you know what I'm going to go into
my house for a little bit and warm up
the car and I'll be back in a few
minutes and he said it was about 7 or 8
minutes later that he came back out to
his car only to find a ticket on it and
then he said I'm going to fight it so
the news station actually went spoke to
the police chief and usually when you
see something like this the police chief
or whoever it is might sort of downplay
it and say you know what it's it's okay
you know this and that the police chief
said this increases the crime rate
because individuals will steal cars like
this therefore we are promoting that CS
give these type of tickets I mean this
is a tyranny this is nothing else but a
tyranny a tyrannical government which
has gone overboard look at the city of
Toronto where you have a city making
over 100 million a year on parking
tickets alone and Toronto although it is
a major city it's you know a100 million
literally literally being burnt up
because the money doesn't go anywhere as
far as I'm concerned $100 million where
is all the money going that they scam
out of people every single day and this
is just one very good example last
article for the day Diplomat Diplomat
death riddle mystery as a top Russian
Diplomat Andre malanin found dead in his
Athens home weeks after the Ambassador
was gunned down in Turkey this
individual here they said there was no
foul play right away it's usually how it
goes anyway and there was no sign of a
Breakin I don't know what happened I'm
not going to judge at this point
definitely I just find it interesting
that it was right after the other one
from
Turkey let's see where it goes anyway I
just wanted to mention it now and we'll
keep our eyes on it okay if you found
this video informative please give me a
thumbs up but if you found this even
better what you're looking at here well
then give me me a thumbs down I hope you
enjoy that I know a few of you definit
definitely will so uh one of the points
that I wanted to make just for one
individual asked me what I use for this
from my little drawing tool well I
looked it up today sword soft screen
link okay you can look that up if you
want to see that for yourself sords off
screen link so to that individual
that's the name it's the free
version um I'll just say that if you
found the video informative I know
you'll find my book even more
informative you know this subject may be
complicated but the money GPS makes it
easy and I did that by using charts and
also diagrams that I drew up to make
this very very simple if you want to
look through the book just go over to
Amazon because they have a look inside
feature which will allow you to flip
flip through the pages of the book and
see if you like it take care